[REF] Update production deployment docs (#352)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/user_guide/config.md

The [getting started](getting_started.md) section is designed to be easily deployed
with a single command and without deep configuration to make local testing easier.
For a production deployment intended for external users,
you will want to customize the settings to fit your specific needs.

To help you with this,
our [`recipes` repository](https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes)

> includes dedicated production deployment templates that should

Reviewer: Let's use consistent terminology throughout to avoid confusion. Since our repo is called `recipes`, I'd prefer to stick with `deployment recipe` rather than template.
```suggestion
includes dedicated production deployment recipes that should
```

cover the most common scenarios.

!!! info "Start with a fresh template for each deployment"

    Make sure to clone a fresh copy of the 
    [`recipes` repository](https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes) for each
    deployment you want to make. 
    
    For example if you are hosting several [nodes](#node),
    or if you launch the [containerized proxy server](#proxy-server) and a [single node](#node),
    make one local clone of the `recipes` repo for each of them.
    This will make it easier to update and maintain each deployment.

> ## Deployable services and profiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deployable services
```
this section only describes services; profiles are described under the `Production deployment` heading

The production deployment templates group services into
[docker compose profiles](https://docs.docker.com/compose/how-tos/profiles/)

> that allow you to launch related services together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The production deployment recipes use
[Docker Compose profiles](https://docs.docker.com/compose/how-tos/profiles/)
to group related services and allow them to be launched together.
```

### Services

The Neurobagel Docker Compose recipe includes several services
and coordinates them to work together:

> (In parentheses are the names of services within the Docker Compose stack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Parentheses indicate the actual labels of services within the Docker Compose stack)
```

- **[Neurobagel node API/n-API](api.md)** (`api`): The API that communicates with a single graph store and determines
    how detailed the response to a query should be from that graph.
- **Graph store** (`graph`): A third-party RDF store that stores Neurobagel-harmonized data to be queried. At the moment our recipe uses the free tier
    of [GraphDB](https://db-engines.com/en/system/GraphDB) for this.
- **Neurobagel federation/f-API** (`federation`): A special API that can federate over one or more
    Neurobagel nodes to provide a single point of access to multiple distributed databases.
    By default it will federate over all public nodes and any local nodes you specify.
- **[Neurobagel query tool](query_tool.md)** (`query_federation`): A web app that provides a graphical interface for users to query a
    federation API and view the results from one or more nodes. Because the query tool is a static app and is run locally
    in the user's browser, this service simply hosts the app.

> Two additional, third-party services are part of production deployment templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two additional, third-party services are part of production deployment recipes:
```

> - **[NGINX reverse proxy](https://nginx.org/en/)** (`nginx`):

Reviewer: different name used in `docker-compose-proxy.yml` from https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes/pull/162
```suggestion
- **[NGINX reverse proxy](https://nginx.org/en/)** (`nginx-proxy`):
```

    A [containerized version](https://github.com/nginx-proxy/nginx-proxy)
    of the popular proxy server that automatically create routes to
    your Neurobagel services.
- **Automatic SSL certificate service** (`nginx-acme`):
    A [containerized companion tool](https://github.com/nginx-proxy/acme-companion)
    for nginx that automatically provisions SSL certificates for the routes
    created by `nginx` so users can communicate with your services

>     via encrypted HTTPS connections.

Author: This is not correct language. The service does not issue certificates, it asks letsencrypt to issue a certificate. That's not a nitpick, the issuer of the certificate is what gives it its authority and trust. You can also self-issue certificates but they are essentially useless for public traffic.

> ### Default ports of services

Reviewer: Having read through the whole docs - can we merge this section with/move this info under the section "Set service host ports" under "Deploying with an existing proxy server"? (AFAIK that's the main time we'd recommend that the user actually edit these variables.)

That way, the user isn't immediately faced with this info while having the conflicting warning to not actually use these variables.

Alternatively, I think this section is a good candidate to move to its own 'reference' style page (e.g., "Default port reference for services") instead of including it in this guide. We could still link to it from "Deploying with an existing proxy server" and maybe on "Getting started" (for Getting Started though, I'd only include an admonition along the lines of "Running into port conflicts? See this page")

??? warning "Don't publicly expose service ports on a production server"

>     We're providing the default ports as a reference for local deployment, testing, and for scenarios

Author: I generally prefer active voice over passive constructs becaues it feels more engaging and I find it easier to follow. That seems to also be the consensus in other technical writing guides, e.g. https://developers.google.com/style/voice

    where you do not want to use the
    [provided reverse proxy deployment recipes](#proxy-server).
    
    Where possible, we **strongly recommend** that you avoid opening service ports to a public network
    and instead use our
    [reverse proxy deployment recipe](#proxy-server).

Neurobagel node services run inside Docker containers. Each service listens on an *internal port* within its container and
exposes a *host port* that makes it accessible from the host machine. Below, we list the default *host ports* for each service

> when running in a fresh deployment following our [getting started guide](getting_started.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when running in a fresh deployment,
```

    - environment variable: `NB_GRAPH_PORT_HOST`
    - default host port: `7200`

## Production deployment

> ### Launch profiles

Author: No particular reason. I'm fine with either

> Neurobagel offers different deployment profiles that allow you to spin up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neurobagel offers different deployment profiles that allow you to launch
```

specific combinations of services (listed below), depending on your use case.

> - [`proxy server`](#proxy-server): Deploys pre-configured, containerized

Author: True, this is not a profile. Not sure if we should list it differently then. I guess the distinction between "profile" and "section in this guide" is not sharp

    reverse-proxy services that will automatically create the desired routes

>     to your Neurobagel services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    reverse-proxy services that will automatically set up routes
    to your Neurobagel services under your desired URLs.
```

    !!! info "You can also use an existing proxy server"

        Our deployment templates assume that you do not yet have a proxy server set up
        on the machine where you will be hosting your Neurobagel services.
        If you do already have a proxy server setup using a different method,
        you can adjust the default deployment with some minor changes documented in the

>         section on [deploying with an existing proxy server](#deploying-with-an-existing-proxy-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Our deployment instructions assume that there is no existing proxy server set up
        on the machine that will host your Neurobagel services.
        If you already have a proxy server setup, 
        follow the modified steps described in [deploying with an existing proxy server](#deploying-with-an-existing-proxy-server).
```

>         In this case, you can ignore the `proxy server` deployment template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In this case, you can ignore the `proxy` deployment recipe.
```

> - [`node`](#node): Deploys an individual Neurobagel node. You can run several

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`node`](#node): Deploys an individual Neurobagel node, which comprises a graph database and a node API that serves as a gateway handling all queries to and responses from the graph. You can run several
```

I don't think we've explicitly defined what a "node" is conceptually up to this point. Alternatively or in addition, we could update and link to the [glossary entry for "node API"](https://neurobagel.org/glossary/#node-api) (since I think it actually better describes a "node" anyways)

    Neurobagel nodes on the same machine.
       - `api`
       - `graph`

- [`portal`](#portal): Deploys the federation engine and a connected web query interface.
    Chose this profile if you want to host your own federated query e.g. for a list of nodes that
    are not included in the list of publicly accessible Neurobagel nodes.
       - `federation`

>        - `query_tool`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - `query_federation`
```
see my comment on https://github.com/neurobagel/documentation/pull/352, but I'd propose not renaming the services as well in this PR to avoid having too many changes at once that may become hard to debug.

I'm on board with revisiting the names however - maybe open a separate issue for that?

> ### Preparations

Reviewer: I find this a bit unintuitive, how about something like:

```suggestion
### Initialization steps (all deployment profiles)
```
or 

```suggestion
### Common setup for all deployment profiles
```

> ### Preparations

Reviewer: I find this heading unintuitive, how about sth like:

- Initialization steps (all profiles)
- Common setup steps for all profiles

!!! info "Always do these steps first"

    All three production deployment profiles begin with the same initial steps.

>     Make sure to complete them before following the profile specific setup instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All three production deployment profiles begin with the same steps.
    Complete these before following the profile specific setup instructions.
```
also, 🍒: given the importance of this info, I'd suggest moving it the admonition (i.e., have the admonition just be the title)

#### Clone the recipe repository

> Make a fresh clone of the recipe repository in a location of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a fresh clone of the `recipes` repository in a location of your choice.
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes.git my-new-deployment
```

Change `my-new-deployment` to a directory name you will recognize in the future.
Then navigate into the directory. All following steps happen inside this

> directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate into this directory for the remaining steps.
```

```bash
cd my-new-deployment
```

#### Copy the template files

The recipe repository comes with templates of the `.env` and
`local_nb_nodes.json` files. Copy and rename these templates, but do not edit
the templates themselves.

```bash
cp template.env .env
cp local_nb_nodes.template.json local_nb_nodes.json
```

> You are now ready to follow the remaining steps of the deployment instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
sentence seems unnecessary, consider removing for conciseness/readability

> You are now ready to follow the remaining steps of the deployment instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
not needed IMO - removing for conciseness

### Proxy server

> 

Reviewer: As you have below for the Node and Portal profiles:
```suggestion
!!! note "Start from a fresh deployment recipe"
```
(I see you have it under the "Set proxy network name" step, but I'd move it here to be consistent with the location in the other sections)

Reviewer: also: does the proxy server need to be set up first? if so, we might want to have an admonition about that

To make your Neurobagel node services (node API, query tool, etc.) accessible via custom URLs
(e.g. `https://www.myfirstnode.org/query`) rather than a server IP address and port
(e.g. `http://192.168.0.1:3000`) as shown in in the [getting started guide](getting_started.md),
you will need to set up a reverse proxy such as [NGINX](https://nginx.org/en/docs/beginners_guide.html) or

> [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/docs/quick-starts/reverse-proxy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neurobagel provides a recipe for you to easily set up an [NGINX](https://nginx.org/en/docs/beginners_guide.html) reverse proxy alongside your Neurobagel services.
```

This will route incoming requests for custom URLs to the Neurobagel services deployed on your server.

!!! info "Before you begin"

    Make sure that:

    - you have access to the domain you want to host your services at,

>     so that you can create a DNS entry that points at the webserver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. You have a registered custom domain for hosting your services and have configured the DNS settings to point to the machine where you will deploy Neurobagel.
```

    that will host your Neurobagel services.
    - your web server firewall allows incoming connections
    on ports 80 (HTTP) and 443 (HTTPS).
    [Both are necessary](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/integration-guide/#firewall-configuration)
    to complete the SSL certificate challenge and offer HTTPS connections.

#### Set proxy network name

> !!! note "Start from a [fresh setup](#preparations)!"

Reviewer: as mentioned, would move to top of section
```suggestion
```

Open the `.env` file in you favourite text editor and uncomment the following line:

```bash
# Uncomment to manually set the name of the proxy docker network
# PROXY_NETWORK_NAME=NB_proxynet
```

If you change the name of the proxy network, make sure to remember it
as you will have to use the same name in your other deployments so that
your deployed services and the proxy server can see each other.

#### Launch the proxy server

> Launch the proxy server from the corresponding deployment template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch the proxy server using the corresponding deployment recipe:
```

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.proxy.yml up -d
```

You should now see the `nginx` and `nginx-acme` services running:

```bash
docker ps
```

### Node

!!! note "Start from a [fresh setup](#preparations)!"

> #### Set graph username and secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set graph store credentials
```

!!! danger "This is a security relevant section!"

The graph store (GraphDB instance) in a Neurobagel node
is secured with password-based access and includes two users:
an `admin` superuser and a regular database user,
both of which are automatically configured by the Neurobagel deployment recipe.
Passwords for both users are defined via files in the `./secrets` directory
of the recipes repository, while the regular database username is set
through an environment variable in `.env` file.

??? warning "Changing user names and secrets after the first launch requires a hard reset"

    If you've previously launched a Neurobagel Docker Compose stack following the

>     [Getting started](getting_started.md#the-neurobagel-node-deployment-recipe) instructions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you've previously launched a Neurobagel deployment (Docker Compose stack),
```

    you'll need to
    [reset your graph store](maintaining.md#resetting-your-graphdb-instance)
    for any changes you have made to user credentials to take effect. 
    Don't worry, any other configuration changes you've already made
    will be applied when you re-launch your node.

> For security and best practice purposes, we recommend changing the following values from their defaults:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
let's remove this for conciseness

> 

Reviewer: 🍒 can't comment on that line, but we could change the admonition title

    ??? info "Graph store passwords are not meant for node users!"

    to

    ??? info "Graph store passwords are for administrator use only"

        
        Do not share your password files with others.
  
#### Set node response granularity

!!! danger "This is a security relevant section!"

Review and change as needed the following variables in `.env`
based on your data sharing requirements:

> - `NB_RETURN_AGG` - controls whether a node returns subject level information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NB_RETURN_AGG` - whether to return aggregate counts only, instead of subject-level records
```
to avoid confusion about what true/false means

> - `NB_MIN_CELL_SIZE` - sets a minimum cohort result size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NB_MIN_CELL_SIZE` - minimum matching subject threshold for dataset visibility in queries
```

For more details on these and other environment variables,
check the [Environment variable reference](#environment-variables-reference)

> #### Set node proxy network

Reviewer: as above, unless I'm missing something, could we hardcode the proxy name or otherwise only document it in the env var table?

In the `.env` file uncomment the following line
and set it to the name of [your proxy network](#set-proxy-network-name):

```bash
# Uncomment to manually set the name of the proxy docker network
# PROXY_NETWORK_NAME=NB_proxynet
```

??? note "Make sure to use the same proxy network name"

    The `PROXY_NETWORK_NAME` `.env` variable must be set to exactly the same
    name for all services that connect to your [proxy server](#proxy-server).
    This is also why you have to launch the proxy server first.

    You can use
    [`docker network ls`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/network/ls/)
    and 
    [`docker network inspect <network_name>`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/network/inspect/)
    to review your docker networks.

#### Set node domain

In the `.env` file under the `CONFIGURATION FOR n-API` section,
uncomment the value of `NB_NAPI_DOMAIN` and set it to the domain
(including any subdomain) that you want to use for your node.

```bash

> NB_NAPI_DOMAIN=api.mydomain.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB_NAPI_DOMAIN=node.mydomain.org
```

I think node here is clearer since we have two APIs.

```

!!! warning "Do not include `https://` in the domain name"

#### Set `node` launch profile

Set the `COMPOSE_PROFILES` variable in the `.env` file to

> [the `node` profile](#launch-profiles). This is the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `.env`, ensure that `COMPOSE_PROFILES` is set to
the [`node`](#launch-profiles) profile. This is the default value.
```
keeping instruction format consistent across steps

```bash
COMPOSE_PROFILES=node
```

#### Set node subdirectory route

!!! info "This is an optional step"

You may want to have your node API respond on a subdirectory of your domain (e.g. `myinstitute.org/node-api`).
This is especially useful if you want to serve several nodes (or services)
on the same domain, because you can set a different subdirectory for each
(e.g. `myinstitute.org/node1`, `myinstitute.org/node2`, ...).

To do so, uncomment and set the following line in the `.env` file:

```bash
NB_NAPI_BASE_PATH="/node-api"
```

#### Launch node

Once you have made and verified all the changes in your `.env` file,

> you can launch your node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the changes to your `.env` file and launch your node:
```

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d
```

??? info "Make sure the proxy service is already running"

    The default deployment recipe requires that you have already
    [deployed the proxy server](#proxy-server).

> ### Portal

Reviewer: As discussed, how about
```suggestion
### Query portal
```
or
```suggestion
### Federation portal
```
instead for clarity?

> !!! note "Start from a [fresh setup](#preparations)!"

Reviewer: Should we add the same admonition reminder here that the proxy server should already be running (as in the "Node" section)?

#### Set nodes to federate over

You configure the URLs and display names of the **node APIs** of any
nodes you want your portal to federate over
by editing the `local_nb_nodes.json` file.

> Each node to be federated over is defined using a dictionary with two key-value pairs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To host your own query portal that federates over a set of nodes,
use your `local_nb_nodes.json` to configure the nodes of interest. 

Each node to be federated over is defined using a dictionary with two required keys:
- `NodeName`: Display name of the node, which will be shown in the query portal
- `ApiURL`: URL of the **node API** for the node
```

```json
{
"NodeName": "<DISPLAY NAME OF NODE>",
"ApiURL": "<URL OF NODE API>"
}
```

`NodeName` can be any string, and determines how the node appears

> in the node selection dropdown in the query tool of the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Set portal proxy network

In the `.env` file uncomment the following line
and set it to the name of [your proxy network](#set-proxy-network-name):

```bash
# Uncomment to manually set the name of the proxy docker network
# PROXY_NETWORK_NAME=NB_proxynet
```

??? note "Make sure to use the same proxy network name"

    The `PROXY_NETWORK_NAME` `.env` variable must be set to exactly the same
    name for all services that connect to your [proxy server](#proxy-server).
    This is also why you have to launch the proxy server first.

    You can use
    [`docker network ls`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/network/ls/)
    and 
    [`docker network inspect <network_name>`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/network/inspect/)
    to review your docker networks.

#### Set portal domain

If you want to serve both the web query tool and the federation API
service under the same domain, you only need uncomment and set the
`NB_DEPLOY_DOMAIN` variable in the `.env` file:

```bash
NB_DEPLOY_DOMAIN="www.mydomain.org"
```

You can **optionally** override this value for each service by setting
a different domain in the

- `NB_QUERY_DOMAIN` variable for the query tool

> - `NB_FAPI_DOMAIN` variable for the federation API

Reviewer: as above:

```suggestion
Option 2: To use a unique domain for each service, uncomment and set the following variables instead in .env:

- `NB_QUERY_DOMAIN` for the query tool
- `NB_FAPI_DOMAIN` for the federation API
```

!!! warning "Do not include `https://` in the domain name"

#### Set portal subdirectory route

!!! info "This is an optional step"

You may want to have one or several of your portal services
respond on a subdirectory of your domain (e.g. `myinstitute.org/federate`).
This is especially useful if you want to serve several services
on the same domain, because you can set a different subdirectory for each
(e.g. `myinstitute.org/federate`, `myinstitute.org/query`, ...).

To do so, uncomment and set the corresponding variable in the `.env` file:

- `NB_QUERY_APP_BASE_PATH` for the query tool

> - `NB_FAPI_BASE_PATH` for the federation API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NB_FAPI_BASE_PATH` for the federation API

This is useful if you want to serve the services on the same domain, 
because you can use a different subdirectory for each
(e.g. `mydomain.org/federate`, `myinstitute.org/query`).
```

#### Set `portal` launch profile

Set the `COMPOSE_PROFILES` variable in the `.env` file to
[the `portal` profile](#launch-profiles).

```bash
COMPOSE_PROFILES=portal
```

#### Launch portal

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d
```

## Deploying with an existing proxy server

If you already have a proxy server setup on your machine

> and prefer to keep using it, you need to make a few adjustments to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a proxy server setup on your machine,
you need to make a few adjustments to the
```
I'd avoid phrasing it as a choice of whether to use the existing proxy or Neurobagel's proxy, to avoid users inadvertently running two proxies at the same time = not good.

Actually, 🍒 to prevent this specific scenario, we may want to add a warning admonition here that the user should only have one proxy server running on their machine at a time to avoid unpredictable behaviour.

standard deployment recipes described above.

> !!! warning "This section is for experienced system administrators"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Do not follow this section if you are using Neurobagel's [containerized proxy server](#proxy-server)"
```
To make it super duper clear to users that have already gone through the preceding instructions for a 'typical' prod setup to stop here. From experience, without the explicit "stop here" message, some readers will by default continue following instructions until the end...

    If you are unsure which to choose or are unfamiliar with managing and
    maintaining a reverse proxy, you should use our
    [production deployment templates](#production-deployment) instead.
    
    We document how to run Neurobagel with an existing reverse proxy to help
    facilitate integration into established systems. This type of deployment
    needs a good deal more manual configuration and maintenance.

> !!! warning "**Do not** launch the [`proxy` deployment template](#proxy-server)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning **Do not** launch the [`proxy` deployment profile](#proxy-server)"
```
Earlier in the docs `proxy` is documented as a deployment **profile** - I'd keep the terminology consistent if we can

    If you want to use your existing reverse proxy setup,
    make sure to not launch the [`proxy` deployment template](#proxy-server)
    provided by Neurobagel, or shut it down if you have already launched it.

### Follow the default setup

Deploying with an existing proxy server is very similar to using the default
deployment templates and requires only minimal changes. Begin by following

> the default setup instructions for your [desired launch profile](#launch-profiles):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the default setup instructions for your [desired launch profile(s)](#launch-profiles):
```

> the default setup instructions for your [desired launch profile](#launch-profiles):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying Neurobagel with an existing proxy server is very similar to using the default
deployment templates. 

Begin by following
the default setup instructions for your [desired launch profile](#launch-profiles),
 but **do not launch the `proxy` deployment profile** (if you launched it accidentally, shut it down first using `docker compose -f docker-compose.proxy.yml down`):
```
as mentioned above, I'd include the warning about `proxy` as part of the main instructions

- For a node deployment follow the [node setup](#node)
- For a `portal` deployment follow the [portal setup](#portal)

!!! note "Do not launch the default deployment template"

    Skip the launch step of the default deployment instructions. Deploying
    behind an existing proxy server requires a different docker compose file.
    Trying to launch a default deployment template without the

>     [default proxy service](#proxy-server) running will most likely fail.

Reviewer: as above, I think this warning should be part of the main text. If we want to mention the different docker compose file needed, I'd just use an info admonition with only that second sentence.

### Set service host ports

> ??? info "Differences from the default deployment template"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? info "Differences from the default deployment recipe"
```

    Unlike the default production compose file the deployment template for an
    existing proxy

    - **does not** expect an existing proxy docker network to connect with
    - **does** export the service ports to the host machine,
        so you can configure your existing proxy server
        to reach each service on their port at the loopback address (i.e. `localhost`).

Neurobagel services have [default ports](#default-ports-of-services)
that they will try to bind to on the host. In most cases, you will want to
change these ports to avoid conflicts with existing services. To do so,
open then `.env` file and uncomment and set `NB_<XYZ>_PORT_HOST` variables
for your services. Refer to the [default ports](#default-ports-of-services)

> for a list of the variable names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our modified deployment recipe for an existing proxy server, 
Neurobagel services bind to [default ports](#default-ports-of-services)
on the host. In your `.env` file, you can optionally
change these ports to avoid conflicts with existing services. 
Simply uncomment and set the relevant `NB_<SERVICE>_PORT_HOST` variables. 
Refer to the [default ports](#default-ports-of-services)
for all port variable names.
```

> ### Configure your reverse proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure your existing reverse proxy
```
Being overly explicit here, but I hope in this case it'll help prevent users from accidentally following these steps

You must manually configure the routing rules in your reverse proxy
and provision the necessary SSL certificates for HTTPS. That means,
for each service you deploy, you must:

- ensure that your reverse proxy is correctly configured to route incoming
    request to this service
- obtain, store, and update SSL certificates for each domain you use to host
    your services.

Please refer to the documentation of your existing reverse proxy server on

> how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, please refer to the documentation of your existing reverse proxy server.
```

> ### Launch services behind an existing proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Launch services behind your existing proxy
```

Ensure that you have correctly followed the setup instructions for your desired
[launch profile](#launch-profiles). Then launch your services using the
`docker-compose.noproxy.prod.yml` compose file:

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.noproxy.prod.yml up -d
```

> ## Environment variables reference

Reviewer: Also, please update the environment variable table with the new environment variables from this PR: https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes/blob/main/docs/neurobagel_environment_variables.tsv
